Geode, Copyright (C) 2003 Jesse H. Willett

Geode is my erudite sandbox.  I'm doing several things here:

   - stretching my software wings after a two year sabbatical
   - (re)teaching myself a bunch of math and physics
   - building a toy graphics platform to learn OpenGL
   - building a not-so-toy physics library for the experience
   - doing a preliminary feasability study for a practical vacuum balloon 

Geode is under constant (or at least nondecreasing) development and flux.
This is a sandbox: I'm not resisting featuritis and I might redefine the
scope of this project in the future.

Geode is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along 
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

The file LICENSE should be included with this distribution, containing
the full text of the GNU General Public License.

There may be restrictions to this software's release under the GPL.
I have used multiple sources as reference for synthesizing the trickier
parts of this code, but have made a substantial effort to be sure such
code is not just a copy-and-reformat from those sources.  If I have
failed in these efforts, the GPL may not apply in those few cases.

These sources are attributed in the file BIBLIOGRAPHY, included in this
distribution.  To my knowledge none of these techniques are patented but
rather constitute standard industry practice.  Therefore I believe that
this code is not subject to license restrictions associated with any of
these research sources.  I would very much welcome correction if I am
mistaken.  There are three notable exceptions:

   class Render is an almost unrecognizable descendant of:
   -----------------------------------------------------------------
   cube.c
   Written by Chris Halsall (chalsall@chalsall.com) for the 
   O'Reilly Network on Linux.com (oreilly.linux.com).
   May 2000.

   Released into the Public Domain; do with it as you wish.
   We would like to hear about interesting uses.

   Coded to the groovy tunes of Yello: Pocket Universe.
   -----------------------------------------------------------------

   SimplicialComplex::MakeSphere() and ::MakeSpiral() are taken almost
   verbatim from "Computational Geometry in C", second edition, by
   Joseph O'Rourke.  ConvexHull and parts of SimplicialComplex are also
   from this book, but with much heavier stylistic and functional
   modifications. This code bears the license:
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
   This code is Copyright 1997 by Joseph O'Rourke.  It may be freely
   redistributed in its entirety provided that this copyright notice is
   not removed.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
   ...which is also present inline with the code in question.

   class Vector and the associated operators in algebra.?pp are taken,
   with heavy stylistic changes, from "Physics for Game Developers" by
   David M. Bourg.  I can't find any kind of license for that code
   other than its inclusion in a printed, copyrighted book, which 
   suggests that I can't use it for anything.  On the other hand, that
   code is presented in the book as "all of the vector operations that
   you need when writing..." and the tone of the book seems to suggest
   that all the code there is a gimme.  Also, its pretty much just a
   direct implementation of 3D vector linear algebra operator semantics
   in orthodox canonical form.  I'm calling this one "standard industry
   practice", but mentioning it here to keep my conscience clean.

To quote my cousin Joel Bradley's standard legal disclaimer, "Please
don't sue me."

Installation and usage documentation are still under development.  Heh.
